title: Ifremer Fishery Information System
image: /pictures/portfolio/ifremer_2014_2015.jpg
summary: Ifremer's Fisheries Information System (FIS).
Author: Depetris M.
date: 2019-09-12
lang: en

## Ifremer's Fisheries Information System (FIS) (<a href="http://sih.ifremer.fr/" target="_blank">SIH</a>)

<font color="#238896"><strong>Structure:</strong></font> Ifremer station in Brest
<br><font color="#238896"><strong>Date:</strong></font> 2014 to 2015

<p style="text-align: justify">
Faced with major issues such as the Common Fisheries Policy, the European Union's marine strategy and changes in access to energy, the world of fishing is undergoing profound changes. Moreover, never before have the anthropic pressures acting on marine ecosystems been so strong. The professional fisheries sector is thus faced with the challenge of developing responsible fishing that respects the major balances of the marine environment, in a situation of exacerbated competition requiring the use of effective regulatory methods accompanied by innovative technologies.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
At the heart of one of Ifremer's strategic axes, which is to "contribute to sustainable fisheries and aquaculture", the FIS is the "permanent, operational and multidisciplinary network for the observation of fishery resources and associated uses". Its objective is to assess and develop ocean resources in order to enable their sustainable exploitation.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
In order to meet these objectives, the FIS covers the entire fisheries system, in all its components and on all sea fronts. (<a href="http://sih.ifremer.fr/content/download/17362/113033/file/organigramme%20SIH.pdf" target="_blank">see the FIS Organization Chart</a>).
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
It is articulated around 3 missions which are the acquisition, the banking and the diffusion of the data.
</p>

### Data acquisition

<p style="text-align: justify">
The FIS is based on a very close partnership with the Maritime Fisheries and Aquaculture Division ("<a href="https://wwz.ifremer.fr/peche/Le-monde-de-la-peche/La-gestion/par-qui/Direction-des-peches" target="_blank">DPMA</a>" and with fishing professionals. Data collection is most often supported by regional, national and European co-financing. In addition, several actions contribute to the establishment of a European fisheries observation network under the aegis of the European Union.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
The objectives of this data acquisition mission are to strengthen and perpetuate the observation network of fishery resources and their uses, through data collection and management in line with a quality approach.
</p>

### Data bancarisation

<p style="text-align: justify">
All the data is stored in a central system based on a database called HARMONY. This relational database, developed by Ifremer, makes it possible to bring together data that are intrinsically very different, in order to allow integrated multi-scale analyses and to facilitate the integration of data from other information systems.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
Avec la base HARMONIE, le SIH met à la disposition de la communauté scientifique un véritable outil d’analyse intégré de la filière, pour les travaux de recherche, d’évaluation et d’expertise conduis notamment au soutien des politiques publiques.
</p>

### Diffusion of information

<p style="text-align: justify">
A very important part of the HIS is the dissemination of information to the different actors of the fishing industry and to the general public. This is done through the development of indicators on fisheries uses, resources and ecosystems exploited by fishing. Thanks to its capacity to produce homogeneous data at different scales, while optimising and diversifying the products and indicators it provides, the HIS strives to meet the expectations of research and expertise. These expectations tend to increase in the framework of the Common Fisheries Policy, but also of environmental policies such as Natura 2000 or the Marine Strategy Framework Directive.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
Thanks to its multidisciplinary approach, coupled with a statistical approach and its ability to monitor and understand the entire fishing fleet, the HIS is today a recognised key player in Europe and has, in particular, inspired the European Regulation on the collection of fisheries and economic data (DCF) in the field of maritime fisheries.
</p>