title: Development of Indicators for the GLMP
image: /pictures/portfolio/pnmgl_2015_2016.jpg
summary: Development of indicators for the dashboard of the Gulf of Lion Marine Natural Park.
Author: Depetris M.
date: 2020-02-02
lang: en

## Natural Marine Park of the Gulf of Lion

<font color="#238896"><strong>Structure:</strong></font> Natural Marine Park of the Gulf of Lion
<br><font color="#238896"><strong>Date:</strong></font> 2015 to 2016

### The Park, an exceptional but fragile marine environment

<p style="text-align: justify">
Created in October 2011, the <a href="http://www.parc-marin-golfe-lion.fr/" target="_blank">Natural Marine Park of the Gulf of Lion</a> is the first Marine Natural Park in the Mediterranean and the third in France after the Iroise and Mayotte Natural Park. It covers more than 4,000 km² of exclusively marine space and has exceptional biodiversity and a recognised natural heritage. This area has to cope with exponential coastal demography (more than 72,000 inhabitants and a population density three times higher than that of the Pyrénées-Orientales department) and strong tourist pressure.
</p>

### An architecture based on a management plan

<p style="text-align: justify">
The management plan for the Park was validated at the end of 2014. This document determines the protection, knowledge, development and sustainable development measures to be implemented in the Marine Natural Park. In addition, it defines outlines or guidelines on indicators. These indicators will make it possible to assess the state of the different parts of the "Park ecosystem", but will also make it possible to quantify the effectiveness of the actions implemented for each of the sub-funds.
</p>

### Development of indicators

<p style="text-align: justify">
Each indicator will be associated with a threshold for assessing the level of the indicator in relation to the objective to be achieved, making it possible to assess whether the level achieved should be considered poor, average or good. A dashboard bringing together all the indicators will thus be drawn up and will make it possible to quickly visualise, globally and by management orientation, the "degree of approach" to the various objectives.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
These indicators deal with different themes, but they are all linked through the expression of the Park's management orientations (directly or indirectly). They can be divided into 8 categories:

- natural heritage,
- water quality,
- natural resources,
- sustainable uses,
- cultural heritage,
- education,
- reference area,
- governance.
</p>

### Work in progress

<p style="text-align: justify">
The development of these indicators should not be limited to their design and application. Even if the final objective is to set up a sustainable system in order to have a continuous evaluation, it is also necessary to develop a methodology or lines of work whose role is to feed the common knowledge on indicators in marine protected areas. My role has therefore been to be at the interface between the different persons in charge of missions and themes, in order to create a dynamic that will enable us to lay the foundations for the coherent development of indicators. The secondary objective is of course to make a maximum number of indicators operational.
</p>

### Small bonus, the creation of a multi-disciplinary database

<p style="text-align: justify">
The Park should acquire a relational database in the near future. This database will be the first to be developed within the Marine Protected Areas Agency. It will serve as a test, with the aim of extrapolating its application to other Marine Parks.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify">
For the moment, the intention is to create a single database containing data and information from all the themes dealt with by the Park. This includes data on natural and cultural heritage, water quality, uses and natural resources. It will also include information on topics such as governance and environmental education.
</p>