title: About
order: 5
icon: icon-attachment
summary:
date: 2020-02-02
lang: en

## Contact

    Mathieu Depetris
    mdepetris@live.fr
    9 avenue Raymont Pitet, 1er etage
    34300 Agde, France

## Legal Notice

### Hosting

<p style="text-align: justify">
This site is hosted by the GitHub pages. If you would like to know more about this service you can go to <a href="https://help.github.com/en/articles/what-is-github-pages" target="_blank">here</a> or <a href="https://pages.github.com/" target="_blank">here</a>. 
</p>

### About the site

<p style="text-align: justify">
The pages and the contents of this website are generated by the Pelican software, distributed under license GNU / GPL (General Public License). You can use it freely to build your own website. For more information, visit: <a href="http://docs.getpelican.com/en/stable/index.html" target="_blank">getpelican.com</a>.<br>
The theme is adapted from <font color="#238896">Marble</font> created by <a href="https://github.com/claudio-walser" target="_blank">Claudio Walser</a> available under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" target="_blank">CC BY 3.0</a> license.
</p>

### Contents and reproduction rights

<p style="text-align: justify">
In application of articles L. 111-1 and L. 123-1 of the Intellectual Property Code, all the contents of this site (texts, images, videos and any media in general), unless explicitly stated otherwise, are protected by copyright. The reproduction, even partial, of the contents of the pages of this site without prior agreement is strictly forbidden.<br>
Reproduction, even partial, of the contents of the pages of this site without prior agreement is strictly forbidden (short quotations are authorised by French law for comments and criticism, as long as they are strictly concomitant and the original author and the Internet link to the source page are specified).
</p>

### Limitation of responsibility

<p style="text-align: justify">
I check the accuracy of the information published and regularly update the site. However, I cannot guarantee that all the information published is accurate, exhaustive and up to date. The information published is not contractual and is subject to change without notice.<br>
The information provided by users and contributors is generally updated as soon as possible, but may be delayed for various reasons or constraints. Errors, omissions, outdated information and broken links may be reported to <font color="#238896">mdepetris@live.fr</font>.<br>
During the consultation of the site, the user must also make sure that his browser does not contain any outdated pages - and must, if necessary, empty or deactivate the "cache".</p>
</p>

### Hypertext links

<p style="text-align: justify">
The portals and sites offer links to other sites related to their contents. The presence of hyperlinks to other websites does not imply my approval of the information. Furthermore, the user is responsible for the risks associated with the use of these sites.
</p>